---
layout: page
title: "The Best Code in the World, Sitting Idle in Your Repo, Is Worthless"
comments: false
sharing: false
footer: true
no_navbar: true
---
How much of your well-crafted, beautiful code never gets used?

How much of your code never even ships?  It’s on a computer somewhere,
but nobody else can use it?

How many hours, days or years of your life have drained away on things
nobody ever even tries out?

Whether you’re building a LinkedIn clone for mad scientists and
assistants to meet up, a massive data back-end for instantly sorting
terabytes of data or just writing AI software for rampaging monsters,
everything is now software-intensive.  But most of your code isn’t
doing a thing.  Is it?  It could.  But it isn’t.

If you think people come to your GitHub account and try out the random
things you leave there unused, you’re kidding yourself.  And how much
of your code never even makes it that far?


## What If You Could Change the World Today?

Imagine your code being available, testable, <b>usable</b> immediately.  As quickly as you get it working, you could just send out a link to it.  Igors could sign up for your LinkedIn clone, people could submit a gigabyte or two of test data to your signal extractor or Arduino-based monster-builders could download your new firmware with the latest rampage patterns…  Instantly.

What if every week, every day, every hour you poured into developing could be seen, linked to and cheered on?  What if anybody in the world could quickly find out, “hey, can this help and/or terrorize me?”

What if your best work could take off, could catch fire, could be everywhere that it could do good or evil?

Immediately?



## Let's Do Some Good And/Or Evil in the World

There are some great “instant deployment” solutions like Heroku, and
my book covers them.  They’re useful.

But there are also deployment solutions which require a bit more
setup.  And we’ll go over those too, and when you’ll want or need to
use them.  Puppet, EC2, VPS.

We won’t cover everything.  “Everything” is huge.  But we’ll cover the
a great beginning set of software, and where you go from there.  And
better yet, when you write standard stuff you’ll have a simple,
straightforward way to kick it out the door.

And it’ll run.  And you can send out links to it.  And people can use it.



# Mad Scientists Get What They Want, Or Else

You know what you do.  You know what you want.

So: try this out for sixty days.  Or ninety days.  Or six months.  If
it’s not what you want, email me back and get a refund.  I’ll ask you
why… afterward.  And you don’t have to tell me.  First, I’ll refund
your money.

You’ll have my personal email address.  If you write me, I’ll read it.

[Excerpt - “Praise for Rebuilding Rails”]



# Join Us Now

This ebook costs $50 -- for now.  It will get more expensive.  You’ll
also need to pay between $5 and $20 per month to a hosting company of
your choice if you deploy to a VPS.  You may also have to pay a bit
($0.06/hr, or up to $44/month) to deploy to EC2, if you keep the EC2
instance up and running.  I don’t get that money, but you’ll still
need to pay it.

There will also be a number of interviews and supplemental material —
extra information from people who build a lot of the tools you’ll be
using.  If you buy now, you’ll get a nice discount on those things
later, if you want it.  Or you can wait, and everything gets more
expensive.

The earlier you buy, the more say you get in the material as I write
it.  As with Rebuilding Rails, the pre-orders get you only the early
chapters, and more as I write them.  But I’ll fix errors and expand
things my early readers ask for as I go along.  Want to be one of
those early readers?


